Feature/professional-readme-and-docs (#21)
a11yphant/a11yphant: DOCUMENTATION.md

The **API** and the **Submission Checker** use the Node framework [NestJS](https://nestjs.com). The **API** also uses [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io) and GraphQL. [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) is used as the database.

## Prerequisites

### 1. Install Docker

This project uses [Docker](https://www.docker.com/). Please make sure you have it installed.

### 2. Create a GitHub Access Token

Create an access token for the Github API. This access token is required to install our NPM packages from the GitHub NPM registry. You can follow [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token).

**TLDR:**

1. Log into your GitHub account.
2. Go to *Settings* -> *Developer settings* -> *Personal access tokens* -> *Tokens (classic)*.
3. Create a token and choose the scope `read:packages`.
4. In your terminal, run the following command and login with your github user and the just created token as password:
```bash
npm login --scope=@a11yphant --auth-type=legacy --registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com
```

### 3. Install Node via `nvm`

> This is important. You must have Node installed via `nvm` for this project to work correctly ([Setup Instructions](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)).

Reviewer: It's actually more of an optional step. As long as the node version that is specified in the .nvmrc file is used it does not matter what is used to setup up the correct version. Even uninstalling node and manually installing the correct version would work. Using nvm is more like a convenience thing.

## Setup

To setup the project the project follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/a11yphant.git
```

2. Make sure you completed all steps from the [prerequisites](#prerequisites).

3. Make sure that Docker is running.

4. Run the install script.
```bash
# Installs the correct node version, all packages and creates symlinks
./install.sh
```

> > **Recommendation:** It is recommended to add one of the following scripts to your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`. This script automatically changes to the correct Node version when entering this project. These scripts originate directly from the `nvm` documentation: (1) [bash](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#bash) or (2) [zsh](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#zsh).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Recommendation:** It is recommended to add one of the following scripts to your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`: (1) [bash](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#bash) or (2) [zsh](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#zsh). These scripts automatically change to the correct Node version when entering this project.
```
